cyclog.sh - a personal cycling log keeper in bash
by tony baldwin 
released according to GPL v. 3
http://tonyb.us/cyclog
v. 0.1

cyclog allows you to track the distances, times, and paces, of
your cycling workouts. 
I found that there are practically no options for training logs
or workout tracking for users of Free Software and GNU/Linux.
Well, now there's one.

cyclog can be used to track cycling, walking, etc., as well,
I suppose.

Installation: run the install script.
It moves stuff into place, creates a config file.
Easy-peasy.

Usage:
cyclog - creates a new cyclog entry.
cyclog e filename - opens log entry with filename for editing.
cyclog v filename - opens log entry with filename for viewing.
cyclog d filename - delete cyclog file with filename.
cyclog r - reads all entries (cats all files in the dir, pipes to less), can be limited to date parameters
cyclog r yyyymmdd - reads entries from date yyyymmdd. One can specify just yyyymm, or just yyyy, even.
cyclog l - lists all cyclog entries. Like r, it can be narrowed down with date parameters.
cyclog s searchterm - searches for searchterm in ride entries.
cyclog mo yyyymm - gives a monthly report for month yyyymm 
cyclog yr yyyy - gives a yearly report for year yyyy (such as cyclog yr 2013)
cyclog h - displays this help message.

REPORTS: 
Yearly and monthly reports will give statistics for
Total no. of workouts
Total distance
Total time
Average distance/workout
Average pace
for the time period chosen, to date.
You can run a yearly report at any point in the year,
of course, and receive data up to that point for the year.
Likewise for a month.
You can run the report again, later, and receive updated
data, of course.

Dates: 
use YYYYMMDD, such as 20130504 for May the Fourth, 2013,
or 201206 for June 2012.

TIMES: 
ALWAYS enter the full time, including hours, as in HH:MM:SS,
even for short rides, under an hour.
i.e., for a 45 minute 30 second ride, enter
00:45:30
for your ride time.
Otherwise, the math will be all wrong.

This is the initial release, and rather rudimentary.
Bear with me (or hack away and submit a push request!)

REDMATRIX POSTING:
cyclog comes with an option to post your cycle logs to your redmatrix channel.
What is redmatrix? see https://redmatrix.me

./tony
http://tonyb.us/cyclog
